Notes from today's meeting:

We will study the data and do research on Real Estate prices with regard to the 79 variables in our data set, and Ames, Iowa.
We will do online research and consult realtors and others we know who have real estate experience in order to gain insight on the
data and figure out how to encode and feature engineer, and what data to study for nonlinear dependence and logistic regression.
We will meet tomorrow to discuss progress and take Xing's input into account. I will take notes on the process and coordinate for 
meeting times going forward.

Our schedule as of now:

Individual research and planning until Friday. Plan to have at least three solid insights that other teams will not.
Good research will show itself in the model accuracy, I have no doubt.

Wednesday 6 Nov: Meeting at 5:00 pm 

Friday 8 Nov: Meeting at 12:30 pm and 5:30 pm

Data will be divided up for cleaning, encoding, imputing, and feature engineering.
Steps 1.) through 3.) completed individually over the weekend with consultation via Slack.

Meeting on Saturday, Sunday, and/or Monday (Veteran's Day) to discuss progress and move on to steps 4.) through 6.)

Step 6.) will be completed on or before Wednesday 13 November, giving us time to fine-tune the model and work on the report.
Collaboration on the report will commence as early as possible, but no later than Sunday 17 November.





Follow Yan's directions
https://github.com/Fez3/Machine-Learning-Project/invitations
git clone git@github.com:USERNAME/FORKED-PROJECT.git

git remote add upstream https://github.com/Fez3/Machine-Learning-Project





Things to consider in research:

https://www.homes.com/blog/2019/02/12-unconventional-factors-that-affect-property-value/

City complaints, corner lots, uphill slopes, and bus stop can signal a lower price

How to encode/engineer variables?


Steps:

1.) study the columns and look for insights (feature engineering, nonlinear dependence, colinearity, encoding).
2.) clean and encode
3.) Plot and study dependence
4.) Use lasso and variance threshold to reduce variables, incorporate logistic regression if necessary
5.) Grid search for hyperparamters of penalized regression
6.) Study the residuals for systemic error in the model.
7.) Refine the model if necessary
8.) Test the model
9.) Produce report

